Remember that the emphasis of an MVP is on simplicity and usability. 
You want to launch quickly to gather user feedback and iterate on your CRM based on real user experiences. 
As you receive feedback and understand user needs better, you can expand and enhance the CRM with additional features and integrations in future iterations. 
The key is to start with the core functionality that solves a specific problem for your target users.

-------------------------------------------------- MVP -------------------------------------------------------------------------

Accounting:
   Show Money Coming in and Coming Out (Categorize expenses) / 
   Calculate Burn, Runway, Growth Rate, Default Alive /
   accounts receivable and accounts payable /
   inventory purchases [after operation] (COGS AND PURCHASES)
   Payment processor set up
   get rid of book based Accounting

   Every taken income should link to an invoice or receipt [After invoice] -> - just write the invoice number to the sales object
   Show Balance Equation [after settings assets (inventory, cogs, etc)] -
   Generate Invoices and Receipts | [Operations] -
   balance sheet, income statement, cash flow -
   Live view of finances KPI DASHBOARD -
   payroll calculator -
   SYNC WITH A BANK -

Marketing:
   Display products on web /
   Show all contacts and companies together both /
   Chill Todo and personal to do (could do) -
   Classify Contacts: Lead, Prospect, Client, and Dead.
   Group Contacts: Distributors, Retailers, or a group defined by user. 
   Add Relationships between contacts.
   Task: Create Web Push Notification feature (Progressive Web App?) or Email notifications
   Auto lead finder or generator (from biggest cities to small cities)
   pdf catalog generator
   Create Auto follow up for leads
   Create Auto product sender to clients newsletter
   Provide reports: Count Number of new leads added daily /, and how things are going / 
   Remove frictions in adding data (select contact via typo tolerant search, add existing contacts from csv)
   When creating a company or contact, dynamically check if it already exists
   Be able to Import contacts (from expo etc) and group them

Operations:
   Add Customer Order: Quotation, Waiting on Confirmation, Confirmed, In production(sub operations), Ready for Shipment, Shipped (Closed), On Hold (Closed) 
   Show what order status of a client, create a link for the order status share with client
   Stock management via QR /
   product cost computer
   See the stock and share with clients
   Productions Leveler/Scheduler
   Raw Materials Inventory
   Calculate efficiency (Measure current status first)
   Apply Lean Six Sigma Principles — Make your IE degree talk
   Create digital twin
   Activity Report (what have you done recently)
   Put feedback mechanism
   Generate packing list
   Issue purchase orders (pull systems)

 
------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------


Todo:Acc
Alter currency based on selected cash account /
stay on the reporting page after pushing submit button
record each day's KPI on a table (better for analysis, and speed)
Deleting a transaction or expense does not adjust the account balance.
Adjust others: exp: categories-COGS, rev: rewards-refunds-sales, Capital + Divident
add currency exchanged between two different accouns ib usd to ib try
product variant names should be unique
parent skue should be a required field, and the variant sku should contain and extend to it.




Things to consider:

Sometimes not every money you take out is expense or divident. You perhaps receive money on behalf of someone.
On transactions list, the exchanges does not state + or - operations 
make in transfer and make currency exchange objects are not saved
click on transaction to see details does not yet work
when expenses etc adjusted manually, it might mess up the whole system.

--------



product and variant both should be unique 
initialize currencies, expense categories, warehouse, accounting book